[CI:BUILD] Contrib: Add containerfile to create podman-remote binary image (#15813)
containers/podman: contrib/podmanremoteimage/README.md

podman-remote-images
====================

Overview
--------

> This directory contains the containerfile for creating a container image which consist podman-remote binary

Reviewer: Nit and way past, but just in case containerfile -> Containerfile

for each platform (win/linux/mac).

> Users can copy those binaries onto the specific platforms using following instructions

Reviewer: following -> the following

podman-remote-images
====================

Overview
--------

This directory contains the containerfile for creating a container image which consist podman-remote binary
for each platform (win/linux/mac). Plan is to hook it with quay github build trigger to generate this image

> for each PR merged (for any branch or tag).

Reviewer 2: The current build script probably won't work for mac/windows since it runs on a Fedora VM w/ nested-virt emulation (for multi-arch).  Though I could be wrong, I'm assuming we need a mac or windows VM to build for those platforms, no?

Reviewer 2: Perhaps it's best not to mention "plans" in readme files.  Better to just file an RFE issue so the intent isn't lost.

Author: @cevich Even for podman-remote binaries we need windows/mac vm? I think it is cross compiled so should work on Fedora VM w/ nested-virt emulation (might be slow but should work)?

Reviewer 2: Nope, my understanding is wrong, [see my next comment below](https://github.com/containers/podman/pull/15813#pullrequestreview-1109266061).

> for each PR merged (in any 4.x branch or tags).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
for each PR merged (for any branch or tag).
```

User can copy those binary on specific platform using following

- For Windows binary
```bash
$ podman cp $(podman create --name remote-temp quay.io/containers/podman-remote-artifacts:latest):/windows/podman.exe . && podman rm remote-temp
```

- For Linux binary
```bash

> $ podman cp $(podman create --name remote-temp quay.io/praveenkumar/podman-remote-artifacts:latest):/podman-remote-static . && podman rm remote-temp

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
$ podman cp $(podman create --name remote-temp quay.io/containers/podman-remote-artifacts:latest):/podman-remote-static . && podman rm remote-temp
```

Reviewer 4: Points to personal repo, are we expecting to create similar tag in `containers`

Reviewer 4: I think similar comment goes for `darwin`

Author: @flouthoc yes I forgot to remove my personal repo :) . I think we should have similar repo/tag in `containers` org for consumption.

```

- For Mac binary
```bash
$ podman cp $(podman create --name remote-temp quay.io/containers/podman-remote-artifacts:latest):/darwin/podman . && podman rm remote-temp

> ```

Reviewer 2: Oh! nevermind my last comment, the above can easily be accommodated in our build script.  It has [an image-mod hook available](https://github.com/containers/automation/tree/main/build-push#use-in-automation-with-modified-images) (docs) that can produce these extra image flavors prior to pushing.

For reference, [we currently use a version-tagging mod-script](https://github.com/containers/automation_images/blob/main/build-push/bin/tag_version.sh) to handle creation of extra tags for the `stable` podman images.

Reviewer 2: (I can do this work later, no need to make this PR depend on it.
